Big night
Wow brother is so handsome
Break up and go, this is awesome
Now it's your turn.
What are you hitting?
This is the sword of the Great Xia Dragon Lord
It is said that iron is cut like mud
Killing is like cutting a pancake bomb
Three feet yellow case
Daxia corpse poison is desirable
Lu Yu, you trash are dead
So what if you're good at fighting?
You are not low enough
dig away
You don't obey you
Whoever killed me was killed by me
The head of the Sun family has arrived
I'd like to see who ate the ambition leopard gall
Making trouble at a party at my new house?
Noisy
Your son has done all kinds of bad things
Sold me to the black moon and bullied my family
You said I shouldn't come
You are a bottom-up trash
It was originally the stubbornness of our wealthy family
You kneel down for me and break your arms
I'll spare your dog's life
It turned out to be the upper beam shop and the lower beam class
Then it's nothing.
The team is dying and still dare to bicker
You'd better stand up for me obediently
Let me cut off your limbs
If you dare to hide
I'll let your sister pick up the guest
You pick it up one by one.
robbery to death
Ming owes Zhao Dan
Your Sun family also deserves it.
Xiaoxiao, are you alright?
Dare to fight back
I want him dead
Damn
Give it to me
Take down this fanatic and wait
This guy?
I let it go.